{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15880\viewh8600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Tanuj Kodali \
NEU ID 002675123\
\
In this assignment I have created a five pages portfolio website. \
\
1. Home Page/Main Page:-  \
INDEX.HTML - \
\
The home page/main page is index.html. A logo is added to the header using the h2 tag. Following the unordered list ul> list tag tr, I used the <nav> tag. for accessing other pages i used the <a> and href tags.\
link rel was utilized for the favicon.\
An overview of my name and school is provided on the home page using another div> element and the <h1>,< p> tags.\
\
\
index.CSS - \
\
I have styled the index.html page by adding a background image\
Added paragraph sizes.\
given sizez of navbar.\
positioned the image to center and given the size.\
\
2. ABOUT PAGE:-\
ABOUT.HTML-\
\
Used the same nav bar and and tags to create the about page to write about myself and attach a picture of myself by using img tag for attaching the picture. The two <div> classes are divided, one for a picture and one for content.\
\
\
About.CSS - \
\
I have styled the index.html page by adding a background image\
Added paragraph sizes.\
given sizez of navbar.\
positioned the image to center and given the size.y.\
\
\
3. Skills:\
Skills.HTML - \
\
 generated boxes in this page while keeping the same navbar and favicon. I three boxes to specify my skills . I have listed the specifics of each column using ul> tags. \
\
skills.CSS:\
Carrying forward with the same styling for the navbar, in this CSS file I have added a new background image.\
\
I styled the four boxes with the border properties. All the four headings are styled using alignment properties like margin, position, text-align.\
to make the box more creative i have used hover effects by using .box:hover\{\}.
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
4. portfolio.HTML-\
\
Generated boxes in this page while keeping the same navbar and favicon. I three boxes to specify my portfolio . I have listed the specifics of each column using ul> tags. \
To show the images for the certification, I created redirection to another page using <a> tag.\
\
\
portfolio.CSS-\
\
To make the page look more creative I added a special hover effect over the four columns using the:hover\{\} method. In this, when you move the cursor towards the box, it gives a popping out .\
\
\
5. gallery.HTML-\
\
With continuation of the same navbar, and favicon in this page I have created boxes. gallery.CSS-\
I styled the columns using the float properties to move it left and then align it using margin properties. \
\
6. CONTACT:\
CONTACT.HTML-\
\
I've utilized the column layout to generate boxes in this page while keeping the same navbar and favicon. . Using the tel and mailto attributes, I added my address, phone number, and email address to one column. In another column, I've used the form> tag to construct a feedback form. To capture first name, last name, and feedback remarks, we use the label> and input> tags in the form. A submit button was created using the < button> tag.\
}